Hi within this lecture regarding to create our own back for app server and we're going to connect our
exe code project to our servers so that we can start working on our past project.
So go to bat for app dot com and if you don't have any account and I dubbed you have you can just register
here by giving your email and password and saying create the account and I already have a password and
account here so I'm going to come over here and give my email and password as a log in.
So this will bring me to my dashboard and in my app.
So when you create your account you will come here too.
So I have a previous test app in here but you won't see this you will just see this new plus button
if you click over here.
You can choose a new app name for yourself.
So I'm going to call this first crowd clone us OK.
Yeah I'm going to say create and this will just create the database the server the everything for me.
OK.
Once it does that and as you can see it's pretty fast.
It takes me to this first crack clone IOW dashboard.
So this is my app and this is my database.
So this is kind of different when we compare it to the firebase.
We have everything in our database in here.
OK.
We don't have any authentication module.
We don't have any storage module.
We only have one database and we save everything in that database.
Of course we can have more than one database classes or one database sheets or tables.
As you may wish and it's different then a sequel or sequel and however you may want to pronounce it.
But it's more close to the sequel when you compare it to the firebase.
So we have these classes.
OK.
And under these classes we have some columns and there is columns.
We have some rows and values.
So for example we have our default user database and then we do authentication.
It actually saves all the information in that database where you're going to see how this works I'm
just trying to take you over this dashboard and I'm trying to get your family realized with this dashboard
to right now and in the left hand side you see that rather than having get authentication and every
other thing we have something called Clouds called functions if you want to run a cloud code in the
cloud server like a javascript code you can use it.
Of course it's out of our scoping our cars but you can't do that using called called functions.
And in here you see V how configuration is API call so and logs and everything every going to do a lot
of configurations Don't worry in the admin app tab you get to see an admin application.
So if you build a good project or if you build a big project where you may want to give some administrator
rights to a non-technical person's non-technical people then you may use this administrator app and
this doesn't even exist in the original pass server.
So back for app actually improved their self to create this.
So we don't need this right now so I'm not going to enabled as I'm not going to use this because we're
going to see how to develop this as a technical person.
So we're going to see how to create users up to your rights to database I have to reach from data always
using SWIFT code so I'm not going to do that.
But in real life these may come in handy if you have a big project going on.
So here we have something called Push and this is related to push notifications.
So we have seen how to work with one signal so I'm not going to use this and you can use one signal
with this pass as though.
So this doesn't actually being too much for me because I already know how to leverage push notifications.
But if you don't want to use one signal for some reason you're more than welcome to use this push notification
section of the pass platform as well.
And in a double as in Amazon Web Services push notifications do not work.
But in back for app it works.
So in the analysis we have the statistics of our app like how many requests that we got how many users
signed in on everything and in server settings an app settings we have the general settings so app settings
are actually very brief so we have the app name if we want we can change it from here.
We have the collaborators so if you have like a team you are you can just invite them writing their
e-mail you can clean up the app and clean up the logs from here.
But we're interested in the server settings right now.
So if you come over here you will see a lot of settings regarding our own back for app server.
So if you come to your general settings over here you will see something like app idea app name.
So the API address and the version.
So we are going to need these information in order to connect our app to this server.
So this these values are just created for you by the way you shouldn't actually share this information
with other people but rather use that information in your own projects to connect your app to your back
for app server.
So that's what we are going to use to connect our X code project but right now we don't know how to
do it right.
So we have to get some some some sort of documentation to start with our process.
So this back for a actually has great documentation as well.
So they provide everything in order to connect our app and get started.
So right now it's it's actually under these guides in the help menu by maybe they will change the menu
in time but they have great documentation and I believe they will continue to have this so under IRS
we have a swift templates so we can actually start with this templates.
But we don't need that because we already have created our own project and browse in the past SDK case.
OK.
I will just download it and show you how this is done.
Anyway for later on if you want to start with this.
But right now we're not going to use this ax code project.
OK.
And in here you can see something like getting started and the github repository of this current project.
If you come over here to get Hub Repository it will download this project for you.
And in fact it's a great tool to copy and paste and get started with the pass there.
For example in the github repository of the parse itself doesn't have this documentation.
So I'm going to click over here and download it then show it to you anyway.
So if you come over here and click on this Neve pass app tutorial you will see how to create an app
and to create a server like this.
So we have already done that so I'm going to close this down rather I'm going to go for a DOS depository
and download it as you can see it asks me if I want to download this.
So I'm going to say allow and don't worry if you cannot find this in the documentation it doesn't matter
because we're not even going to use this I'm just going to show you how you can use if you want but
I'm just going to write my own code from scratch anyway.
So if you come over here to create startup example for app you we have this workspace file in here as
well.
If we double click on this it will pop open and we can see the necessary code to integrate our past
server to our project and then you download some app from the Internet.
Make sure you run party install before you open this.
But I'm not even going to use this.
So I'm just trying to see the content of these swift files so I didn't bother doing it.
As you can see in app delegate we have some sort of configuration in WI controller Swift.
We don't have anything.
OK.
So this is kind of an old file I believe it's created in USA label Mariah's 12th we're doing IOW 13
over here so I'm not going to use this that's all.
But as you can see we have some sort of configuration function in here and configuration function in
at Delegate and we don't have anything else in other wheel controllers.
So the saving installation object is kind of a test function and we don't need it actually but we need
something like this before we actually load our weave controller we have to configure our pass using
the application idea and other parameters that we got to get from our server so that we can connect
our project easily and smoothly with our power server.
I'm not even going to copy and paste is in my own project but again you're more than welcome to do so
I'm going to show you how to do it from scratch.
So if you come over here you are apt to look at that Swift you will see did finish launching with options.
And remember in file your base we did the configuration here as well.
So this is one of the first functions that is getting called then app first launches right.
So after importing pass we will be ready to create a configuration file for configuration variable for
parts.
So I'm going to say let configuration and this configuration is actually going to be a past client configuration.
OK so as you can see this is the configuration to connect our SDK with our servers so I'm going to come
over and open our parentheses and it will give us adblock.
So this is cool.
We can just double click on this to have our pass mutable client configuration so mutable mean it can
be change.
OK.
And we don't have anything else.
I'm going to go for it.
Once you do that once you hit enter you can hit Enter from more time to use this variable given to us.
So this is at closure and we have seen closures before right.
And in here we can just delete this and make it a not a closure but just a regular array of all I write
our code like we see we have seen in the sample code as well but I'm not going to do that.
I'm just going to use the pass mutable conflict client configuration variable that is given to me in
here.
I'm going to say dot and we are going to choose three parameters from here to connect our app to our
server.
So these three parameters are actually given us in the general settings up our server.
So first of which is application I.D..
OK.
And the second one is client key.
And the last one is the server your aisle itself.
So it's called server.
Once you do that you can just initialize these values as empty strings for right now later on where
you're going to get that and paste it in here.
Once we do that the configuration is ready and we can say past that initialize and will ask us as a
passcode client configuration where will and we're going to give that as configuration.
OK.
So that's it that's all you had to do to connect your app to your server and we have to get this application
I.D. client key I remember in our pass dash worked.
So in the back for app dashboard we already have seen those.
So this resides on their server settings for any reason if you close this.
You can reach it from here on the core settings you can't come over here to get your app I.D..
OK copy it and come over here and paste it come over here to find your client's key.
So this one come to here and paste it and far last but not least we going to need this server your url.
So this is our server Euro pass API that back for app dot com.
So copy this and we don't need anything else at this point.
So I'm going to just paste it here and now we are done.
So I'm going to save this.
I'm going to run this.
If we don't get any error it means that we managed to connect our app to our server.
Of course we have to do some further tests like writing some values to our database.
We're not going to do that in this lecture but we're going to do that in the next lecture for right
now I'm just trying to build what we have in here and see if we get any error.
So let me open this in my simulator and let's see if he gets any errors or any unusual logs.
So did we close down the other app.
Yep.
We have closed down so I believe that's good.
Actually we can just delete this because we won't need it.
So here we go.
Right now I don't have anything in my storyboard but I don't get any errors as well.
So I believe we are good to go right now we have completed this sections so I'm going to close everything
down.
I don't even need this.
All I need is my back for app dashboard so that I can keep track of what's going on in my database.
So we're going to see how to write and read from database before we go on and create our Foursquare
clone because we're going to use those operations a lot.
During our section so let's stop here and do that within the next lecture.